# Movie-Rating-Website

CS/SE 6301.012 Web Programming Languages – Final ProjectProject ProposalProject Proposal should include following items:-	Team Members: Names and Net-IDs for team members-	Project Title -	Name for the Website-	Project Description: a brief description of the website. If you make any assumptions, make sure to include those assumptions.-	Functionalities to be implemented: a detailed list of functionalities you will implement.  How your website works, which functionalities are available.-	Database Design: Database structure including the tables and primary and foreign key definitions on tables.  Alternatively, you can include your “Create Table” statements for this.-	Language you will use for implementation: You can use PHP, Python and Ruby on Rails for server side scripting but cannot use any plugins.You are allowed to use plugins and frameworks for client side scripting and templates or a design tool (i.e. FrontPage, Dream Weaver) for page designs.Due Date for Project Proposal: March 13th, 2015Each project should include following major components:•	User signup: Register a new user to the system. •	Check the new username or email address if it’s already registered to the system using AJAX. •	Form validation: Check if all mandatory fields are filled out. (JavaScript)•	Check if password is strong enough. Define the rules of having a strong password. (JavaScript)•	User login•	List available products / services in the system. User should be able to filter the results based on at least two criteria. Also, should be able to “Search” for a specific item.•	User adds item(s) and checkout. For the online shopping sites, pricing will be included but payment functionality doesn’t need to be implemented.•	Show the history of items for the user.•	For Admin user(s):o	Add new itemo	Delete itemo	Update itemCS/SE 6301.012 Web Programming Languages – Final ProjectProject ReportProject Report should include following items:o	Team Members: Names and Net-IDs for team memberso	Project Title o	Name for the Websiteo	Functionalities implemented: a detailed list of functionalities you have implemented.  How your website works, which functionalities are available.o	Functionalities that were proposed but not implementedo	 Final Database Design: Database structure including the tables and primary and foreign key definitions on tables.  Alternatively, you can include your “Create Table” statements for this.o	Languages, frameworks/plugins used for implementation.o	Work division among team members (who has completed which part, be specific and try to give page names as much as possible)o	Screenshots for main functionalities (5-6 screenshots should be sufficient)Due Date for Project Report:  May 3rd, 2015, 11:59 PMEach team is responsible for sending following items for final project:o	Project report (see FinalProjectReport.docx for details of the report)o	Source files (zip your home directory for your project and do not include image files)o	Sql dump file for your database* One submission from each team is sufficient.* Due date for submission is May 3rd, 2015, 11:59 PM.